SensAirAndroidApp/app/src/main/assets/INFO.md, before:

## What is SensAir?
* The SensAir application and device use sensors to relay air quality data directly to you. 

## Air Quality Metrics
* **Overall Air Quality**, measured on a scale of 1-100, is a general overview of your air quality. This value is based on an algorithm to determine if all conditions point to good or bad surrounding air quality.
 * Other info
* **Carbon Dioxide (CO2)**, measured in parts per million (ppm), is harmful from a range of greater than 2000 ppm. CO2 is the combination of carbon with two oxygen atoms. It is also what we breathe out.  

| Tables   	|      Are      	|  Cool 	|
|----------	|:-------------:	|------:	|
| col 1 is 	|  left-aligned 	| $1600 	|
| col 2 is 	|    centered   	|   $12 	|
| col 3 is 	| right-aligned 	|    $1 	|

 * Other info
* **Toxic Volatile Organic Compounds(TVOC)**, measured in parts per billion (ppb), is harmful from a range of greater than 325 ppb.

| TVOC Level (mg/m3) 	    | Level of Concern 	        |
|------------------------	|------------------------	|
| Less than 0.3      	    | Low              	        |
| 0.3 to 0.5         	    | Acceptable       	        |
| 0.5 to 1           	    | Marginal         	        |
| 1 to 3             	    | High             	        |  


 * Other info
* **Combustible Gasses**
 * Other info
* **Humidity**
 * Other info
* **Pressure**
 * Other info
* **Temperature**
 * Other info

Commit message:

added CO2 and TVOs tables

SensAirAndroidApp/app/src/main/assets/INFO.md, after:

## What is SensAir?
* The SensAir application and device use sensors to relay air quality data directly to you. 

## Air Quality Metrics
* **Overall Air Quality**, measured on a scale of 1-100, is a general overview of your air quality. This value is based on an algorithm to determine if all conditions point to good or bad surrounding air quality.
 * Other info
* **Carbon Dioxide (CO2)**, measured in parts per million (ppm), is harmful from a range of greater than 2000 ppm. CO2 is the combination of carbon with two oxygen atoms. It is also what we breathe out.  
 * Other info

| CO2 Level (ppm)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 	| Level of Concern                                                                                                                                         	|
|-----------------	|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|
| 250-400         	| Normal background concentration in outdoor ambient air                                                                                                   	|
| 400-1000        	| Concentrations typical of occupied indoor spaces with good air exchange                                                                                  	|
| 1000-2000       	| Complaints of drowsiness and poor air                                                                                                                    	|
| 2000-5000       	| Headaches, sleepiness and stagnant, stale, stuffy air. Poor concentration, loss of attention, increased heart rate and slight nausea may also be present 	|
| 5000            	| Workplace exposure limit (as 8-hour TWA) in most jurisdictions                                                                                           	|
| >40,000         	| Exposure may lead to serious oxygen deprivation resulting in permanent brain damage, coma and even death                                                 	|

* **Toxic Volatile Organic Compounds(TVOC)**, measured in parts per billion (ppb), is harmful from a range of greater than 325 ppb.

| TVOC Level (mg/m3)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 	        | Level of Concern	            |
|------------------------   	|------------------------       |
| Less than 0.3      	        | Low              	            |
| 0.3 to 0.5         	        | Acceptable       	            |
| 0.5 to 1           	        | Marginal         	            |
| 1 to 3             	        | High             	            | 



 * Other info
* **Combustible Gasses**
 * Other info
* **Humidity**
 * Other info
* **Pressure**
 * Other info
* **Temperature**
 * Other info
